<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="enter-unique-id-here">
  <title>NC State Student Addresses</title>
  <shortdesc>NC State University collects student address information through the student admission
    process. The university maintains several addresses for students in order to maintain accurate
    student records and information. Students are asked to regularly verify and update address
    information on record with the university through the MyPack Portal student information system. </shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>On the <uicontrol>Personal Information</uicontrol> tile, you will be able to find your
      address information</p>
    <ul>
      <li><b>Home Address</b>This address is used for mailing purposes and should describe the
        location where you would like to receive your mail. (If you use a PO Box, you may enter that
        address here.)</li>
      <li><b>Permanent Address</b>This address persists beyond the student’s attendance at the
        University. This may be a parent’s address or your permanent address.</li>
      <li><b>Local Address</b>This address should be the student’s physical living location while
        attending NC State and where you can be reached in an emergency. Effective Fall 2020, every
        term, students will be notified via MyPack Portal to verify or update their Local Address on
        record in order for the university to maintain the current physical location of all
        students. Local Addresses are not considered directory information and will not be shared
        with unauthorized third parties. </li>
      <li><b>Campus Housing Address</b>The student’s address in a University-managed residence hall
        or apartment; this is automatically populated if the student lives on campus, and it cannot
        be edited by the student.</li>
      <li><b>Diploma Address</b>The address to which a student’s diploma should be mailed once the
        student graduates. This address is not required. If a Diploma Address is not provided, the
        diploma will be mailed to the student’s Home Address on record.</li>
      <li><b>SEVIS Local Address</b>The student’s local address while you are at NC State, which is
        sent to SEVIS. This address should match your Local Address. Please visit the Office of
        International Services for information on what to do if you need to update this address.</li>
      <li><b>SEVIS Foreign Address</b>The student’s home foreign address. This is automatically
        populated for all international students based on the information provided in during the
        admission process. Please visit the Office of International Services for information on what
        to do if you need to update this address.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>