# Exercise Reflection

Answer the following prompts in preperation for our class discussion about this exercise.

## Explain your decisions to create your task topic files. What was your reasoning?

For each webpage, I looked for sections where the focus was on direction/instruction for specific actions to be taken. For the ‘Personal Information and Privacy’ page, these actions were already split into two sections, ‘View Your Personal Information,’ and ‘Directory Information Privacy Settings,’ so I created two task topic files based on what each section's directions focused on. This led me to create the files ‘Personal Information,’ and ‘Privacy Restrictions.’ For the ‘Student Addresses’ page, there was one section broken up into two categories for directions to edit an address through mypack portal. I decided to create a task topic file for each subsection and created the files ‘Add Address’ and ‘Update Address.’

## Explain your decisions to translate the tasks from the website, noting any changes to the original. What was your reasoning?

I tried to convert the tasks from the websites to my task files as directly as possible, making minimal changes. For most bullet points, I directly translated them as individual steps. For those bullet points with multiple actions or options, I would either break them down into multiple steps or substeps depending on the information included in the bullet points. For my ‘Restrict Information’ task, I decided to translate the note at the top of the ‘Personal Information and Privacy’ webpage regarding FERPA to <context> at the top of the task file. I did this because I felt that it didn’t fit within any of the steps, it was important to the task itself, but not necessarily a form of reference text. I also included the ‘Full Privacy Block’ note at the bottom of the page as <info> in the step associated with creating exceptions, as it felt relevant only to that step. For each webpage, I left out some information lists that I felt were not relevant to a specific step, and were also not important contextual information for the tasks at hand. This information, such as the student address types and personal information examples, felt like reference text, but not directive/task focused. For this reason, I decided to exclude it entirely.

## Explain your difficulties. What parts of the process created some pain points for you? Why?

For a few of the tasks, I have some trouble deciphering how to present the information on the webpages related to types of information to access. For example, the list of address types on the ‘Student Addresses’ page and the list of personal information on the ‘Personal Information and Privacy’ page. Initially, I struggled to determine where this information should be included, and if it was even worth adding to the tasks. Similarly, for my ‘Restrict Information’ task, I had some difficulty deciding how to lay out the steps that had options or additional information required to complete the steps outside of the bulleted lists on the webpages, as the steps were not as straightforward as other tasks.

## How did you overcome those pain points?

Originally, I had planned to include the additional information, such as address types and personal information list, in the context section of their associated tasks. I could not find a way to format it that worked well with the flow of the document, so I then considered formatting it as <info> in certain steps. I ultimately decided not to include this additional information after reviewing the task steps. I came to this conclusion after realizing that none of the information is pertinent to the actual steps, and I wouldn’t consider it a task element or being relevant to a task element. For the ‘Restrict Information’ task, I reviewed the steps and tried them out myself in MyPack portal. I ultimately decided to break up the step with two options into two different steps (bullet point 4). I did this because the two options were not necessarily interchangeable with one another, as they would be used to achieve two different goals, and it made sense to separate them. For the step with multiple actions involved (bullet point 5), I considered breaking them up into individual steps. Like point 4, I reevaluated the purpose of the step(s), and determined that since there was only one major goal for the steps, to have one step and break the rest of the actions down into substeps.
